so yo you know either there's your boys
lost a lot won't see me unless it costs
a lot day one back in the lab baby
living legend coming soon I'll let you
boy
so even wanted me to come higher to some
shit and it's not really
anyways as you can imagine I do
the realest music don't know what it is
a comfortable kissing is true no I'm
saying I might need to be that track
plan
like that you are to do right away
if you said a life that's ever gonna
come out a perfect bad night
anyways as you can imagine I do
my nigga cute gun in the build and we
bought the ladies vocals down it's lost
a lot in the booth is about to go down
in a major way so fuck what is T and B
films BD behind the camera and it's
going down in a major way big baby cause
horizon we can't fly far away from here
Oh jetting it so far my way but I swear
paradise is right here
any place that you can imagine I take
you over street name
yes paradise I got the type of currency
to live at jet life and we do disappear
on the next flight at the park Place
Plaza we toast into the good life or in
addition with the red lights on Arnhem
long-cushion 160 with no red lights this
is sort of like a great life different
place in different states we flow
through them Turnpike first-class twice
a whole lot of jet lag hopping off the
plains with a whole lot of Birkin bags
s-class matching on the road trips we be
gone so long when you hold you're
feeling sad first-class flights a whole
lotta jetlag humping off the planes with
a whole lot of Birkin bags your boy
on the water with a crib back yeah
telling shuddhi but the life cuz I live
that got in the packet I be on a man she
trying to put my bra well wit gasps damn
she Dakotas with a mouthpiece I told her
get of LeBrons we going South Beach
shitting all white Panamera made a lane
sweet sweet talk to champagne
I let the stranger Miami nights on the
main strip throw the paper in a stall
money ain't wanna take a flight I tell a
pic of time here in New York with it
Empire State of Mind
Annu
right that you I do I do satellite
baby close your eyes and we can find far
away from here Oh cheating is a pharma
way but I swear paradise is right here
Oh
any place that you can imagine I take
you over street
yes paradise I got the type of courtesy
to lay that jet life and we can
disappear on the next flight at the park
Place Plaza we toast into the good life
or in addition with the red lights
you